[Music]
this episode is sponsored by
skillshare and the first 1 000 people to
click the link in the description will
get a free trial of skillshare's premium
membership enjoy the episode hey
everybody welcome to
impact theory on today's very special
episode we have gathered some of your
favorite it guests
ever to answer questions directly from
you these guys have so
much wisdom to share i'm really excited
that they got a chance to answer
your questions directly so sit back
relax
and drink in some of the most amazing
people on the face of the planet
without further ado let's dive right in
hi yeah my name is jp i'm a music
producer and a father of two from
belfast
and my question is for jay shetty jay
do you think that happiness is a system
that can be figured out
or is it a moving target that we have to
chase
thanks a million that's a really really
interesting question
now the way that i look at it is that
happiness is the byproduct and the
result
of practicing certain daily habits so we
see that psychologically scientifically
and spiritually
the practice of a set of habits every
single day can create states of
happiness
now some of these are in the book called
the book of joy
by the dalai lama and desmond tutu i
highly recommend it
and some of the other ones that i
learned living as a monk include
four key habits thankfulness inspiration
meditation and
exercise so that's how i view happiness
i see as a result
of practicing these daily rituals these
daily habits
that can create happiness in our lives
now from a more long-term point of view
of happiness
it comes from purpose and meaning it
doesn't just come from pleasure
and joy and purpose and meaning come
from a concept known as dharma in
sanskrit which is where you find this
beautiful intersection between your
passion your strengths and your
compassion
the ability to serve with what you're
naturally skilled at
i hope that answers your question thank
you so much for asking it
and wishing you all the best i'm
jonathan dugan from las vegas nevada and
i am a lifestyle and mindset coach for
heroes academy
along with the podcast interviewer on
youtube now my question is for alex
benayan
now i heard you talk about one time that
99 percent of people in this world
view their mistakes as enemies and one
percent
views their mistakes as friends
my question is that there's a lot of
individuals right now that
feel defeated on the verge of giving up
they might be fearful of an uncertain
future
or they might be dwelling on the
mistakes or failures
that they have experienced in the past
months
or year how do we begin
to transition to transform our
relationship
with fear and failure
into a healthy relationship as if it
were our friends
best friends an opportunity to grow to
learn to see a brighter future
how do we begin to transform failure
and fear into friendship i know you're
going to give an amazing answer
thank you so much for your time alex
what's up impact theory i'm alex and i'm
the author of the third door here in my
home in los angeles
and jonathan from las vegas i love your
question
about how to turn fear and failure into
things you can cherish and grow from
now this is my thing about fear anyone
who's dealing with fear whether it's
rejections whether it's insecurities
whether it's
getting your dream off the ground or
whether it's taking it the final
you know 10 yards uh you know to end
zone
fear has this way of being this constant
throughout the journey and
you know failures many times add on to
that fear
and failures we project in our head
intensify those fears
so this is a insight and x-rays
i'll use for anybody who's trying to not
only
overcome their fears but wants to
cherish them in a way
where they're no longer an enemy but
they become a friend
and the exercise is called dating your
fears
and it's sort of the opposite of what a
lot of other people think about when it
comes to fears a lot of people talk
about pushing through your fears
conquering your fears i advise you to do
the opposite
take your fears on a romantic date once
a week
and i mean this quite literally uh spend
you know look at your calendar and carve
out maybe an hour
maybe two hours once a week
either lunch or dinner and it's got to
be consistent
and once a week let's say it's wednesday
nights
every wednesday night what you're gonna
do is you're gonna take the time to have
a nice dinner you know right now
uh you know because of coronavirus maybe
it's at home maybe it's on a balcony
maybe it's at a park
and you know make yourself a nice bowl
of pasta maybe pour yourself a glass of
wine you know
really make it silly if you want you
know get some chocolate strawberries
make it very romantic and the idea here
is to take your fears on dates and just
like a date
the first day you know might be pretty
surface level as you're getting to know
them and what you're going to do is
while you're having dinner is you're
going to take your journal out
and you're going to ask your fears
questions
where are they from where did they come
from how have they
you know grown throughout their lives um
and what you're going to do is you're
going to do this one week with the first
date and then you're going to do it the
next week a second date and a third and
a fourth
and a fifth and a six and what you start
realizing is it's almost like the
bachelor where you're gonna have like 13
14 15 maybe 20 different fears lined up
in front of you
and as the dating process unravels just
like in real life
what you'll begin to realize is there
are
deeper causes deeper origins
and as you become more intimate with
your fears as opposed to beating them up
as opposed to stuffing them in the
closet
as you become more intimate with your
fears you
begin to appreciate them you begin to
have compassion for yourself
and that then gives the window of
opportunity
for you to cherish them so your fears
don't necessarily disappear but you
become so
intimate with them that they no longer
have a hold on you
and that's the greatest gift you can
give yourself jonathan i'm wishing you
the best of luck man
hi vanessa my name is ono northey and i
am an author
uh i put self-development into fiction
so
it's like mindset with car chases my
question for you
is if there was a character who was
loosely based off of you
what would be a quote or a piece of
wisdom that you would want to make sure
made it into the book thank you hello
hello this question is so fun
so i think what i would want people to
know or take away is that there
are multiple flavors of charisma i think
for a long time i thought there was only
one way to be likable there was only one
way to be charismatic and it was to be
the bubbly extrovert
that if you were going to be likable you
had to be life of the party you have to
be funny
you'd be impressive and then i realized
that their
charisma comes in many flavors you can
have yes life of the party but you can
also have the quiet
powerful introvert you can have the
compassionate
empathetic soul you can have the
creative
tinkerer inventor and that all of those
different types
are charismatic and so the big thing
that i am always encouraging people to
do that i live try to live myself
is that you can be your best self and
find your people
you can be your true self and still be
liked and so i came out
as a recovering awkward person um in
and that was the biggest relief because
before then i think i had been trying to
be
this life of the party person but
actually i'm quite introverted
i'm quite awkward i um struggle with
social interactions i struggle with
social anxiety
and the moment that i owned that and i
put it out there
people came out to me as well and people
were more caring
and accepting and i had more real
conversations than i ever had before
and so i think i stopped worrying about
trying to impress people
and i started trying to just be myself
and hopefully
i found people that would like me for
that and so i think that's the big thing
that i'd want people to know
is that you can still be likable you can
still be charismatic
even if you're awkward or introverted or
have social anxiety
and that being yourself actually
attracts the right kind of people
hi mr mcdonald with millions of jobs
lost during the pandemic
what would you advise in terms of a
pivot or a repurposing of a career under
these circumstances
hi i'm roshawn mcdonald i'm the host of
moneymakingconversation.com
with millions of jaws lost during the
pandemic hearing the right words at the
right time can change a person's life
let's talk about my life because
hopefully with the experiences i had
i'm a pandemic hit i didn't know what to
do i i can always share this story
people i remember the first time i went
out and uh
went shopping i went to like a home
depot and i had my mask well i didn't
really have a mask
because i just had a ski mask i just
pulled up on my face and
and then i had my pereira what left off
the peril that i just happened to have
and i had my gloves so i went in
shopping and when i came out i didn't
know
did i take the gloves off to put my
grocery store my stuff in this
in the truck or was it contaminated
and that's the life that we're dealing
with right we're dealing with a lot of
confusion and
and that confusion only sets gets even
worse because you don't know who to turn
to
i didn't know who to turn to times in my
life and so this is the time you have to
have people
who can help you out and you know we're
living in a pandemic
we are not allowed to be ourselves
anymore when you're not allowed to be
yourself i always tell people
leave with your gifts and don't let your
age friends
family or co-workers stop you from
planning or living your dreams
i didn't i i remember when i was in the
hospital
doctor told me if we don't do surgery on
you immediately
you will die i remember when i was
announced to have cancer when i was in
and then like a food i climbed up on the
ladder right after surgery
and failed then i broke my my arm and
broke my arm
my my thumb because i believe that i was
unbreakable i believe that i wouldn't
let anything stop me i wasn't gonna let
cancer win
you can't let kobe win now how do you
beat colvin
first of all you gotta learn the pivot
what don't you comfortable
you are you comfortable now you don't
know you don't think you can do anything
else you talk to the wrong dude
i've been uh i've long loaded trucks in
my life worked at burger king jordan
forklift worked at the post office
worked offshore
been a successful stand-up comedian
sitcom writer
business manager steve harvey everything
i'm telling you is the things i've done
in my life i'm an award-winning baker
these things did not are not were not
planned there was opportunities
right now there's an opportunity for you
to be successful right now but you can't
hold yourself back
because you're 40 50 60
you feel that you can't have a dream you
can't put a plan in place
you can't i'm 60. you think
i don't feel 60 i don't know what that
means
all i know is it's an age i have to tell
everybody but it has nothing to do with
my plans to be successful i would tell
people this
think about when you're in your 20s
that's what you should be doing now
that's the work when you wanted to be
when you were fearless your dreams your
goals your passion
when you was in your 20s everything you
wanted to do the money that i'm making
money off of right now
is what i wanted to do or what i plan to
do or what i was doing in my 20s
especially my early 20s before marriage
came in before kid children came in
before house came in
before you got locked into that job
right now that you maybe still be doing
that you don't want to do no more
before you're in that relationship that
you don't want to be in no more but you
don't know how to get out of
you know how to change a job well how do
you change a job
you look for a job another job while
you're still working
don't have to quit a job and then go
look for a job that's the biggest
mistake you can do
the other thing you have to do in life
is you have to understand that
if you want to be an entrepreneur the
best opportunity
to prepare for being an entrepreneur is
your 40-hour week job
that's right your 40-hour week job when
you excel at your 40-hour week job
you can win at everything but a lot of
people don't know that
they think that's a hassle i don't like
this well if you arrive to work on time
that's going to help you as an
entrepreneur
if you excel and do more than you're
supposed to do that's going to help you
as an entrepreneur
if you meet all the deadlines that
they're asking you to do that's going to
help you as an entrepreneur
more importantly if you understand
short-term goals
that means short-term goals mean 30 days
start with 30 days win the pandemic now
start in that 30-day cycle and start
building your plan start building your
budget
more importantly the people around you
have to believe in your plan
if you have anybody around you that does
not believe in your dream kick them to
the curb
i'll tell you it's a lot of people i got
my shoes got a lot of kick marks on
because i had to do that when i left ibm
and told people i want to be a comedian
you think
people didn't want to call me crazy and
tell me i told people i wanted the
manager steve harvey you don't think
people call me crazy
sitcom writer when i told people i was
going to be a baker
people doubted me there and then i
started winning the awards
you know i bought a building i bought a
building
doing a pandemic a building you know
you buy jewelry you buy clothes
you know you buy food you buy a house
but buying a building that means i had
to put a plan in place
i'm not asking you to buy in a building
i'm just asking you for the first time
in your life to put down that stop sign
that you holding up when you're looking
for the government to send you another
check and start planning your future
because you have more controls than you
know of and you need to start using
those controls
right now to play in your life hey there
my name is drew i'm from los angeles i'm
a voice over actor
obviously and a production assistant
my question is for humble the poet
and i was thinking whether we like it or
not
social media puts this pressure on us to
kind of show our best lives and prove
that everything is hunky-dory and i know
that you've said before you'd rather
feel good than look good and so i was
just
wondering what your perspective was on
that
on that aforementioned pressure and what
can people do
to get beyond that
feeling to present yourself and
show your best self i think the first
thing we have to do
to you know when it comes to
acknowledging this pressure that we all
feel to like put our best selves forward
in front of everybody especially in
social media
is to understand this pressure existed
way before social media we're
a very social creature we've
existed for tens of thousands of years
in like
smaller communities and understanding
ourselves and relations to others has
always been
a survival tactic for us you know if you
got ostracized out of your village or
your tribe you know that could have
meant
death and that's encoded in our dna
that's who we are
and we can't simply say don't care what
other people think we have to first
acknowledge that we do care what other
people think
but at the same time what social media
did is social media took that need
and it exploded it on an exponential
level
now if you're not simply looking for
acceptance from other people you can
count the acceptance you can count the
likes you can read the comments you know
exactly what everybody's thinking about
you
and that social pressure is real it's
completely real and it's completely
influencing a lot of our decisions
so social media ends up creating
situations where
problems that aren't our problems we
take ownership over
because we feel the pressure to talk
about something or acknowledge something
um as well as we want to be rewarded
and validated by other people so we
create this pre we create this life
uh for display purposes only and again
creating a life or display purposes only
existed for for social media
we were posing for pictures before all
of this happened as well
i think the best thing to do after you
acknowledge it is kind of understand
that
the rewards aren't real you know if
anything
it's just a momentary
you know dopamine kick or you know for a
lot of my public figure friends
it's maintaining a level of relevance or
maintaining
a level of attention but it's not
sustainable you can't keep doing it
and especially when you're doing it at
the expense of your authentic happiness
that becomes a whole other issue
so when i said i'd rather be happy than
look happy it's because
all the work we put into looking happy
doesn't actually make us happy
now there's ways to be happy and force
yourself
and fake it like forcing a smile you
know studies show that even forcing a
smile will make you feel better
um you know just that body-mind
connection
you know and it goes both ways so
i think what we have to realize is the
validation of other people
it's addictive like fast food it's
something that we've always wanted
but to address that pressure we have to
realize that it's not nutritious
it's like eating a bunch of junk food
and
obviously it's validating it tastes
great
we want more and more and more of it but
we'll never feel satiated by doing it
now if we make decisions
that allow us to actually feel happy
that make us
fulfilled that give us more peace than
pleasure
now all of a sudden you know we're going
to have a lot more
fulfillment we're going to have less of
a need to chase validation from other
people you also have to realize like
our self-esteem is what other people
think about us our self-respect what we
think about us
and the more self-respect we have the
less self-esteem we're going to chase
and i think that's a really important
thing it's really about recognizing that
we all want to be happy
it's okay that we care what other people
think but at the same time
we can find that validation and that
value
and that fulfillment within and when we
find it within we'll spend less time
chasing it without
and we'll waste less energy spend less
time uh
you know and not put ourselves in
situations where we're
repeatedly trying to prop up a life that
isn't even
ours you know it's not accurate to us
nor is the stuff that we actually
care about and value and
understanding that you know most of the
people that are looking at our social
media are just are just looking for a
distraction as well
and uh you know whether they like your
picture or they don't like your picture
isn't an indication of who you are and
what your personal value is
all right guys i hope you enjoyed that
amazing episode and i want to thank all
of the special guests that took the time
to answer these questions
and thank you to everybody out there who
submitted questions
means the world to us it is always
amazing when people show vulnerability
and put themselves out there
to find out the things that they want to
know thank you guys for watching and
until next time my friends
be legendary take care
as many of you know i'm all about
constant self-improvement a growth
mindset and a relentless focus on
progress and skill acquisition
that's why i'm super excited to tell you
guys about skillshare
skillshare offers classes designed for
real
life and all the circumstances that come
with it these lessons can help you stay
inspired express yourself and introduce
you to a community of millions
creative self-discovery and expression
can settle your mind and spontaneous
acts of creativity can help
break up the routine of a day indoors
skillshare is an
online learning community that offers
membership with
meaning so much to explore real projects
to create and the support of fellow
creatives
skillshare empowers you to accomplish
real growth with
thousands of classes covering dozens of
creative and entrepreneurial skills
for instance they have an amazing class
by simon sinek called presentation
essentials
how to share ideas that inspire action
if there's
anyone that should be teaching that
class it is simon cynic this is a
perfect example of the unique classes
you can find on
skillshare you can also find classes on
illustration design photography
video freelancing entrepreneurship and
so much more
and skillshare is also incredibly
affordable an
annual subscription is less than ten
dollars a month
and right now the first 1000 viewers to
click the link in the description will
get a free trial of premium membership
so you can explore your creativity don't
miss this one guys sign up right now
hey everybody welcome to another episode
of impact theory you are here with me
today i'm going to be answering
your questions and we're going to be
talking all about procrastination
actually doing something with all of
your potential turning into real skills
and then deploying that into the real
world
that is my obsession and that is what
we're going to be focused on today